adding Finland text (#48)
nordic-rse/nordic-rse.github.io: countries/finland.md

---
layout: default
---

## RSE activities in Finland

The RSE Finland group is an active segment of Nordics-RSE.
Members come from all corners of the Finnish scientific landscape and we are trying to help Researchers and others developing software
 for research by offering workshops and a platform for information exchange in Finland.

To discuss matters concerning upcoming workshops in Finland, and also to get to know each other better, we organize a **weekly virtual coffee break**, 
see below. Everyone with an interest in the topic is warmly welcome to join :)

## Join the discussions

### Chat

> Discuss with other RSEs on the [CodeRefinery chat](https://coderefinery.zulipchat.com) (nordic-rse stream).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Discuss with other RSEs on the [CodeRefinery chat](https://coderefinery.zulipchat.com) (Join the #finland and possibly #nordic-rse streams using the gear icon by the steams list on the left side).
```
